<H2>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</H2>
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by using multiple well commented classes, abstracting processes where appropriate.  The advantages of having the Python CRUD middleware script is that most of the work moving forward would be with the front end - requesting and visualizing the server's data for the user.  While the client, username, and password are hard coded in the CRUD script, it would be fairly easy to update that portion for another MongoDB server, allowing me to focus on the front end/user experience of a similar app in the future, without having to do as much groundwork on the back end of the app.
<H2>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</H2>
I approach problems as a computer scientist by breaking down an issue into its smallest parts, and from there implement a solution.  My approach did not differ much from this assignment as opposed to previous assignments, other than an increase use of some resources such as StackOverflow for issues with Dash and Mongo.  Strategies for future database creation would be to find what data would be utilized the most, and try to build the database in a way such that that data would be easy to query for.  For instance, the name of a document would likely be an important part, so it shouldn't be nested within several subdocuments.
<H2>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</H2>
Computer scientists find ways to create a more efficient way to accomplish an otherwise tedious process.  For instance, by creating a database with meaningful filtering systems like in this project, a button click can accomplish work that would take days to do by hand.  With this boon to effieciency, companies are more able to serve their clients in more meaningful ways than shuffling through dense paperwork.
